OSPI documentation (#193)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/linux/Foundational_Components/U-Boot/UG-QSPI.rst

    all methods, we will load the bootloaders into memory and then flash each
    to OSPI NOR at the respective addresses.

    **Flashing Images to OSPI NOR using TFTP server**

    In this example, we'll use the ``tftp-hpa`` package from Ubuntu for our
    tftp server. Assume bootloader names are :file:`tiboot3.bin`,
    :file:`tispl.bin`, :file:`u-boot.img`. Verify ethernet connection between
    AM62Lx EVM and host machine before proceeding.

    1. Setup TFTP server in Host machine

       .. code-block:: console

          # For complete instructions refer to: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/TFTP
          $ sudo apt install tftp-hpa
          $ sudo vi /etc/default/tftpd-hpa # optional to change tftp directory and other options
          $ sudo chown -R tftp /tftp # change owner/group of new directory /tftp
          $ sudo systemctl restart tftpd-hpa # restart server

    2. Setup U-boot environment for AM62Lx EVM

       .. code-block:: console

          # Boot to U-boot prompt using a working boot method
          => setenv ipaddr <ip-address-of-am62lx-evm>
          => setenv serverip <ip-address-of-tftp-server>

>           => saveenv # optional to save the U-boot ENV

Reviewer: Is `saveenv` command still applicable?

I see following with `U-Boot 2025.01-00195-g03740dcaec39 (Feb 20 2025 - 17:36:04 +0000)`

```sh
U-Boot SPL 2025.01-00195-g03740dcaec39 (Feb 20 2025 - 17:36:04 +0000)
SPL initial stack usage: 1680 bytes
Trying to boot from MMC2
ERROR:   Agent 0 Protocol 0x10 Message 0x7: not supported

U-Boot 2025.01-00195-g03740dcaec39 (Feb 20 2025 - 17:36:04 +0000)

SoC:   AM62LX SR1.0 HS-FS
Model: Texas Instruments AM62L3 Evaluation Module
DRAM:  2 GiB
ERROR:   Agent 0 Protocol 0x10 Message 0x7: not supported
Core:  39 devices, 22 uclasses, devicetree: separate
MMC:   mmc@fa00000: 1
Loading Environment from nowhere... OK
In:    serial@2800000
Out:   serial@2800000
Err:   serial@2800000
Failed to probe am65_cpsw_nuss driver
Net:   No ethernet found.
Hit any key to stop autoboot:  0 
=> 
=> 
=> saveenv
Unknown command 'saveenv' - try 'help'
```

Author: Yeah, I just checked - I see "Unknown command" as well. 

It's just an optional (as mentioned). I'll remove that.

       NOR

       .. code-block:: console

          => sf probe
          => tftp ${loadaddr} tiboot3.bin
          => sf update $loadaddr 0x0 $filesize
          => tftp ${loadaddr} tispl.bin
          => sf update $loadaddr 0x80000 $filesize
          => tftp ${loadaddr} u-boot.img
          => sf update $loadaddr 0x280000 $filesize

    4. Change boot mode pins to OSPI boot mode and reboot AM62Lx EVM

    **Flashing images to OSPI NOR using SD card**

    In this example, load binaries from SD card. Assume bootloader names are
    :file:`tiboot3.bin`, :file:`tispl.bin`, :file:`u-boot.img`. Boot via SD
    card boot and stop at U-boot prompt before procceeding.

    1. Use fatload command to load the bootloaders into memory and flash to
       OSPI NOR

       .. code-block:: console

          => sf probe
          => fatload mmc 1 ${loadaddr} tiboot3.bin
          => sf update $loadaddr 0x0 $filesize
          => fatload mmc 1 ${loadaddr} tispl.bin
          => sf update $loadaddr 0x80000 $filesize
          => fatload mmc 1 ${loadaddr} u-boot.img
          => sf update $loadaddr 0x280000 $filesize

>     2. Change boot mode pins to OSPI boot mode and reboot AM62x SK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Change boot mode pins to OSPI boot mode and reboot AM62L EVM
```
